## Project 8: Plotter Drawing

I used the Drawing Manager example RandomJitter to generate my drawing. I really loved using the plotter personally, as there is something special about seeing a robot execute a drawing and looking at the results come to life. I especially really enjoyed choosing a brush for the plotter: I used a more "feathery" brush tip, which actually eliminated some of the noise in the physical drawing versus the computer drawing. This was especially beautiful to me, as I was making decisions with a computer in the drawing execution on-screen (with randomness), and then introducing randomness again when it was printed in order to actually reduce the original jitter. At first, I thought of this as a challenge or constraint--the plotter didn't perfectly realize my digital piece. But then I realized that this point is precisely why we use a plotter in the first place. If I didn't want that randomness, or that unique spin that the plotter grants, I would've just done the drawing by hand in the first place. I also think that the interchangability of the brushes/pens in the plotter yields some extremely exciting results that allow for drawing flexibility. 

A big constraint with the plotter is that it needs vectorized input; therefore, your digital drawing has to be in a specific format. But honestly, this isn't too bad of a constraint, particularly with the software that we used and the Drawing Manager library provided. Also, the size limitations of the plotter are a bit hindering--I wish I could have created a really large-scale, complex drawing.
