## Updated Final Project Proposal

I would like to create a series of generative artwork using machine learning through RunwayML, specifically the SPADE-COCO GAN. This GAN is previously trained to convert drawings into realistic images, but my goal would be to use this GAN on my own drawings to generate new output that might not be the original intention of the SPADE-COCO creators. I am primarily interested in learning about ML and GANs because it is an area of algorithm that I have not explored before, and I would like to understand more of in terms of how input relates to output. While I have a general theory of how GANs operate, I have not yet seen or explored the relationship between input and output (we generally only look at output in this space, especially with generative artwork and ML). This is especially interesting to me in terms of art and design principles, particularly in how they relate to the interactions between human and computer in making art, which is why I am interested in exploring this space for my final project.

RunwayML is a simple way to use pre-trained GANs/ML algorithms in order to learn and generate ouptut with your own input. In doing some preliminary research, decided to choose the SPADE-COCO GAN, which takes drawings and converts them into realistic images. I wanted to see what I could generate using gestural, abstract drawings as input for this GAN, so did a preliminary experiment in which I used my plotter drawing (that looks hand-drawn) as input for SPADE-COCO, achieving a really interesting output that I am actually really excited about. Although the GAN is not my own algorithm and is already trained on a data set by its developers, I want generate new products from my input images for my final project, tailoring the input and the options on the GAN to produce output. 

After using my plotter drawing as a test subject this past weekend, I got really excited about using plotter drawings (done through code in Processing or drawing tools like the Drawing Manager library or my own drawing tools that I have created throughout the scope of this class) in order to generate new output using this GAN. I am interested in the process of using the computer to create a drawing, physically rendering this digital drawing using the plotter, and then feeding that physical rendering into another digital algorithm to get a new, abstracted output. The computer -> plotter stage introduces randomness and change in the original drawing, which is exciting in itself to explore. Further, taking an image of this physical drawing introduces shadows and lighting techniques that will further be processed using the GAN. I am also interested in potentially comparing these outputs (human -> digital code -> plotter -> image -> GAN) to outputs generated from physical hand drawings (eliminating the digital code and plotter process). In this way, I can examine the differences that these extra steps include, as well as the variations between computer-drawn and hand-drawn inputs to their respective outputs. These human <-> computer processes are really exciting for me to explore through this project, which will allow me obtain a set of detailed documentation of my process (writings about things that excited me, decisions I created at each stage) and a broad array of final products, from which I will pick 10 of to showcase for my final project. 