## Stejara Dinulescu: Project 3

I started this project out by trying to design the system that I wanted to use. At first, I thought about toggling through different shapes that the user could create. However, I wanted the flexibility that came with using Processing's beginShape() and endShape(), where I could specify the vertices. I perused the documentation and really liked the triangle strip shapes, so I began building from there. I knew at the beginning that I wanted sliders for shape height, width, depth, and number of vertices. However, later on throughout my coding process, I included a slider for "number of strips" or "rows" in the shape, which allowed for more complicated shape iterations. Furthermore, I added sliders for r, g, and b color values, as the user could tweak these parameters for their aesthetic pleasure depending on the shape they are creating (while I was playing around with my system, I realized that different shapes afford different colors and vice versa, which hopefully comes across in the "succesful images" that I have chosen as screenshots). I constrained the alpha transparency value (as this does not yield too much difference in the iterations, in my opinion), as well as the slider ranges for the outcomes based on the size of my screen for width, height, and depth. Additionally, after interacting with my system for a while, I constrained the number of vertices and number of strips accordingly based on when the system begins to dissolve into unreadable/boring shapes.