## Project 4 Reflection - Stejara Dinulescu

For this project, I wanted to create natural particle/rain/snow-falling movements in relation to gravity and wind. I knew I wanted to expose parameters for movement in the y and x direction, so I thus started by creating a particle system with a simple gravity effect (which I eventually swapped out for noise in the y direction multiplied by a "strength" variable to yield different "raining" effects). Furthermore, I added x-movement (trying to add a wind effect) using noise and a "noise strength" variable (similarly to the y motion) in order to have the particles moving from side to side depending on the magnitude of the noise strength variable. However, this was too "mechanical"--I wanted to simulate a more natural movement. I thus added a seemingly random "wind" effect by incrementing a "counter" variable and changing the magnitude of the noiseStrength variable every X number of frames (determined randomly by the random() function). This helped create a more natural movement, but the particles were still mostly moving in tandem. I therefore decided to create "uniqueXMovement" and "uniqueYMovement" variables (all decided by a random() function) that are multiplied to x and y speeds for the particles to incorporate each unique particle's random motion. I also decided to change the appearance of the particle system, allowing the user 3 options (ellipses, lines, and snowflakes). This was mostly due to the lag time in the snowflake particle system in high numbers of particles, because I have to load in a PImage and in order for the sizing to happen correctly (and not blur over different size parameters), I have to reload the image in order to resize. I am also changing the background color over time (just a simple incrementation) to add to the system's own randomness/movement that is not controlled by the user. Overall, I am pretty interested in the motion that I was able to obtain (particularly the tie between natural movement created by noise and random, as well as parameters able to be controlled by the user), not necessarily the overall "look/design" of the images of the system, as I was more interested in simulating natural movement with this project.